1. Business Task
This is a case study for Bellabeat-a high-tech design and manufacturing company that produces health-focused smart devices for women.
What are some trends in Fitbit smart device usage?
How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers and help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?
2. Key Stakeholders
Urška Sršen: Bellabeat’s cofounder and Chief Creative Officer Sando Mur: Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team Bellabeat marketing analytics team: A team of data analysts to help guide Bellabeat’s marketing strategy

Limitations:
Most users did not share their weight information. which made analysing weight trends is impossible.
The main aspect is for health-focused smart devices specially for women, We have no information of women related like tracking menstrual cycle,fertile window(great way of understanging body and unique aspect of health and cycle effect your wellbeing and know about the symptomps of PMDD which can managed by a healthy lifestyle,regular excercises(manage severe PMS https://blog.fitbit.com/female-health-tracking/ ), other key informartions are stress level,demographics of the sample population, nor any info of their lifestyle factors.
the datasets has no age groups of users. This is an important factor that can affect performance.according to age the heratbeat,weight,calories burn ,active minute will be varies..
Reliable: This datasets are provided by FitBit, a well known American electronics fitness company. It can be assumed this datasets is reliable enough. Comprehensive: 18 csv files : sleep, daily steps, heart rate, calories, etc. Current: This datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03/12/2016 - 05/12/2016. Cited: Many of citation on Kaggle
